How are the filters applied ? (field, operator, value)

What is formatter ?

What is the client transaction log ?

What is not a state of Workflow ? (unpublished)
 
Is List a report ? (yes)

How can data can be imported in the table ?  (csv, excel, xml)

If an administrator has checked out a workflow, then... ?  (So that multiple changes can not updated on the same time)

Default update set main changes nahi karne chahiye ?(best practices - 2 questions)
Status should be Complete before moving from one instance to another

Who is responsible for creating Configuration Item Relationships? (CI Class Manager)

What is name of the view that shows the relationship b/w different CI ? (Business Service View)

Which one of the following module can be used to view field settings for a table ? (Table And Column Module)

Where does UI Policy works ? (Client Side/ Browser Side)

Where is Text Search available ? (Live Feed and Knowledge Article, but not on Application Text Search And List)

What is typically captured in Active Stream Form Action ? (Workflow Execution, Updates made by you and others) 

What are the properties of Servicenow ? (Multi-tenant, load Balancer, application, customization)

From the user menu, what action can user complete? (Impersonate User, Elevate Role, Logout Servicenow)

Knowledge base search result can be sorted by which of the following? (Relevancy, Popularity, Number of Views)

When does there is a pause in the SLA ? (When the condition specified is the pause condition in the SLA)

What is common in the report outage, incident..... (Service Catalog Property)

What can be captured in update set? (Table, Form, Schedule Job, Business Rule )

What is business Rule ? (Piece of javascript code)

What is true about Visual Task Board ? (Freeform, flexible and guided task board is wrong one)

What is true about UI Policy? (It is used to apply conditions on the fields)

What is the best way to make fields read-only, mandatory and visible? (UI Policy)

Identify two core tables in servicenow ? 
Options are :- task and sys_user (This is my answer)
		cnm_location and sys_user
		imp_notification and sc_request
		sys_attachment and sys_eventregister

What are the stages to load data? (load data, create transform map, run transform)

What is the use of import set table? (It acts as a stage while loading data)

What will happen if the task table is extended by a table?
It will contain all the fields of the task table and new fields can als

What is name of table which are not base system table ? (custom table, base table, core table, extended table)
 => Custom table

What will happen if the task table is extended by another table? (It will not contain the data of the task table)

Is it right to make many changes in many update set? (False)

What is correct about Sys_ID ? (It is a 32 bit charcter set which is unique for each and every record of the table)

What is used to control the access on fields and rows? (Access Control List)

What correct among the below mentioned options? (ACl should match both the row and fields in order to access it)

Can coalesce be appied on multiple fields? (True)

How will you glide through tables having reference fields? (dot walking)
 
Which of this is not a state of workflow ? (Unpublished, published, checked out, (Unpublished was right)) 

Select two option by which events can be triggered ? (Bussiness Rule, workflow and not through log context)

What is the use of service catalog workflow?

Select the correct option? (REQ(Request) > RITM(Requested ITEM) > TASK)

How are ACL Applied? (First on the table  and then the parent table and the wildcard) 

__________ is used to create the application and module shortcut which are frequently used? (Bookmark) 

What is Configuration management Database (CMDB) ? (Used to access both tangible and in-tangible items)



 